hello guys welcome to another video
today i will recap a sci-fi
action film called coma spoilers ahead
watch out and take care let's start a
boy named victor is shown as the film
starts
who wakes up at a strange thing occurs
here that he is not getting ability to
remember anything after waking up
he is also unable to remember who made
his room messy
why did he do there are some drawn
sketches on the board before him
it is seeming as it is the model of a
city but nothing is in his memory even
about it
then his room ceiling begins to turn
into black color
the whole model of his room starts to
change he is confused
and he comes out of this place but he
observes
coming outside all things have been
changed
nothing is like in its real form as it
should be the buildings of that place
are flying in the air as gravitational
force has ended
then some of the people begin to pass
beside him they were also looking
mysterious some have no head others have
no arm while some people's body were
drilled
but they were walking properly victor is
not understanding anything
before concluding something a black
monstrous creature appears before him
it is nearly to kill victor then three
persons appear and rescue him
there are two men and a girl they say
victor but that black monstrous creature
is
still after them they are continuously
running
and they reach a place while running
where the stairway ends
there is no way to walk further then
victor is afraid thinking how he will go
ahead
then those three persons suggest him to
jump from here there will be no any harm
but victor is frightening and he does
not act upon it
one of them pushes victor so he falls
into the market he
reaches there while sliding and those
three people also come after him
now the strange thing is that black
monstrous creature had also reached here
after them
victor is not understanding why it is
after them that black monstrous creature
was going to kill them
then one of those three persons
sacrifices his life
now a boy and a girl are survived among
them they are still with victor
now victor is walking along with that
girl then he asks that girl
who are you what am i doing in this
world which place is this about which i
never heard or saw till now
that girl whose name is fly tells victor
this is the world when the people enter
when they are in coma
you are eventually in coma state this is
the world where all people's memories
exist victor asks her
why is this world so mysterious fly
tells him
it is not compulsory that people's
memory may be remembered
some people begin to forget in the state
of coma they hallucinate
this world is the blend of those
unconscious thoughts so it looks like
this
then fly also shows him her house which
is in the air
that was an awkward building then they
reach fly's house while traveling in an
old bus
where victor asks from her about that
black monstrous creature
then fly tells him the most astonishing
fact that a person appears in the black
monstrous creature who dies in the state
of coma
victor feels astonishment hearing this
fact fly says to him
enough come i show you your room now
they move
to the new room of victor she also tells
him that you're seeing dreams in the
state of
coma will be turned into the reality
here victor dreams that he has faced the
car accident
he notices that there is the same car in
his room as he wakes up
and he is also lying wounded in the car
then flies that partner comes there
who has rescued the life of victor he
says witnessing victor
wow your house is very attractive which
is situated here
i am realizing seeing you that you may
possess multipowers
come i reveal you how these may be
utilized practically
for this purpose every person has to
appear in some trials
then a robotic machine appears there
which falls down victor
torturing it it begins to tease him in
spite of
it victor is unable to remember his
abilities
that man asks victor when you were
unconscious before the state of coma
what job were you used to do victor
tells him
i was an architect next day there are
many people along with victor
and they are going for a mission victor
has to grab the weapons from some of the
people here
so they reach that place but those
people start to attack them
possessing these weapons they start to
fire at them
victor and his companions get access to
those weapons in some way
then three black monstrous creatures
appear before it which have been named
reaper in this movie
these reapers had appeared to stop them
a man is leaving
taking the explosive from there that
black monstrous appears after him
before it arrives to him that man falls
down who was leaving
taking the explosives then victor
touches his fingers on his head
he attempts to remember something as
being architect
he gains the ability that he may make
any structure
so he creates a structure there using
his mind
and that man is protected from falling
so they immediately return to their home
reapers are not able to capture them all
compliments victor reaching at home
saying
you did a good job then an agent comes
there and says to victor
i like your work do you no the structure
of this city where we are living is
connected with the memories of those
place
but we never encountered a man who can
make a new structure
using his mental abilities why may you
not make a new city for us
in which you will take care of
everything as an architect
be careful that city should be like this
where that black monstrous creature may
not come there
victor assures why not i will attempt
utmost
they begin to move to that place as the
new day arrives
where they had to build a new city but
reapers appear there before they start
their work there
those reapers begin to attack them all
are surprised too much
how did reapers track that we were
coming towards this place
we came here carefully then fly's
companion appears there
he takes a tracking device from victor's
body
he says that reaper's reaches here while
tracing this device
i'll ask him did you fix this device in
victor's body
he tells no why will i fix
he raises his hands and says pointing a
man he will be responsible
then that man fires his gun on him he is
not survived and dies there
there is also the rule of this world
that a man will be turned into a
reaper who meets his and in this world
then i'll leave from there thinking
that he will prove dangerous for us if
he is turned into reaper soon
then the rest of the people begin to
move from there the people are wanting
to go to their vehicles
so they drive to their homes from there
but reapers are beside them
so victor starts to attempt that he may
make a structure
using his mind but he is unable to do it
as being wounded and exhausted
so he loses his consciousness there when
he wakes up
then he is in the hospital of the real
world he begins to have the flashbacks
of that girl fly
who was the close friend in the real
world but there is nothing in their
memory in the world of coma
because there some of the memories had
lost in the state of the coma
then victor remembers that he had come
in the hospital along with fly
but fly was not allowed to enter victor
had entered the hospital alone
here he meets a man he was the same man
who was their leader in the world of
coma
and he was the first to arrive in the
coma world he tells victor that i have
conducted some experiments
and i know there is surely something in
our mind that can
create something new we can live in our
wanted world if we wish
we can face it believe me we can lead
more happy life there
he also says something more to victor i
need you
you will have to partake in my project
do you know when we can create our new
world
when we will be in coma and i will have
to set you in the state of coma
believe me we are going to get much
benefit of it victor says
not at all he points them a gun in order
to threaten them
he runs outside from there his friend
fly is waiting for him outside
fly starts to drive the car speedily as
victor quickly gets seated in the car
but their car is crashed with a truck
moving a little ahead
and they both are knocked out it was the
same site which used to be dreamt by
victor
that evil man captures them appearing
there
as they are wounded badly after being
knocked out and he makes them the part
of his project
he makes them in a prolonged unconscious
but that old man says to victor before
it that
look it was necessary for me to perform
it there is no doubt that you are the
best architect in this world
but you can never make a structure
immediately with your thoughts which you
will be able to make in the coma world
it was the same it was observed how
victor used to make any structure
quickly only by the strength of his mind
then he also shows that man who is the
partner of flying coma world
he is crippled in the real world but he
was walking properly in the coma world
now that man also says to victor you
will have to go to the world of coma
fly and his companions need you as the
project is accomplished
you may return to this real work he
injects something to victor with it
victor wakes up on his bed it is the
same sight seen in the beginning of the
movie
now victor had returned to the same
place from where he came
he built a very beautiful city using his
mind abilities
where no reaper could enter then that
man tells
them that you all are in the state of
unconsciousness in the real world
you are so diseased that you may be died
at any time so your systems have been
fixed as such that you all will be
killed after a few seconds of that world
and the seconds of that world are equal
to the minutes of this world
you may have only 10 to 15 minutes for
survival
afterwards you will be ended forever
here do you
know what will happen after the death
that man enters the structure with it
because no reaper could reach there they
all were going to transform into the
reapers here after death
it is proved here that old man had
deceived them he himself wanted to rule
that place where no one may disturb him
here
there are some people who begin to plan
how they may kill this man
meanwhile their one of the friend is
vanished after converting into
dust now victor says to all of them i am
remembering something little by little
where is that hospital in this world
where we are now let's go there
now they all begin to move to that
hospital it was the best thing that
hospital was in their memory
this hospital is also in the coma world
they enter the hospital
but they are not recalling that room
where they are lying unconscious
now victor tries to remember then he
recalls a little structure of his room
before it his one more partner is
vanished after being a dust
now only victor and fly had left they
begin to step towards that room
then that evil man and that agent appear
there who begin to stop them
making their own structure then a reaper
appears there who covers that man
that reaper is not anyone else but the
same partner of fly
who had rescued victor along with fly
and another man in the beginning
here that soldier squad was died victor
and fly start to step towards stretcher
moving there they reach that room of
victor then they wake up in the real
world
it is seen in the real world that fly
and victor are closely befriended
victor again starts the job as an
architect but he was not earning his
living soundly
then he receives the offer from that
evil man it means that he was alive in
this world in spite of dying in the coma
world
he had returned back here obviously this
project was made by him
so he had the knowledge of all the
techniques he says to victor
you may make the structure again in the
coma world returning back there
it depends on you victor clenches his
fist
and he thinks either he should go or not
the movie ends on this scene
thanks for watching